fix: update client docs to show how to properly delegate recovery (#78)
web3-storage/www: src/pages/docs/w3up-client.md

await client.setCurrentSpace(space.did())
```

> One last thing - now that you've saved your space locally, it's a good idea to setup recovery, so that when you move to a different device you can still access your space: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One last thing - now that you've saved your space locally, it's a good idea to setup recovery via [web3.storage Account](https://github.com/web3-storage/specs/blob/main/w3-account.md), so that when you move to a different device you can still administer your space as long as you can log in to your web3.storage Account: 
```

just an idea here to explain *what kind of recovery*. IMO without this info, it's not possible to understand what's going on and how to reason about how doing this affects who can write/admin the space.
